What's wrong?
The Emperor is seriously ill
His Majesty announced that the princes and concubines of the palaces would enter the palace to sleep
Meet the news
I'm afraid I can't spare you this time
I want to enter the palace to give the Supreme Emperor a pet
It seems that the mother-in-law urinated this time
Please cut a handful for me
Otherwise, the old slave will destroy the prince
You really can't fight
Just so the old slave explained to him
You saved the fire, sir
Maybe the prince
Do you think he'll believe me?
I expect to be embarrassed by domestic violence
Unless the sun comes out in the west
Help me up!
What are you grinding for?
Or die now
Or get up and get dressed and go to the palace
The king warns you
What more tricks do you have to play?
If you talk nonsense in front of the Queen Mother again
The king wants your life
bastard
Murder is too much
Don't go too far.
Give him a wound
Change clothes and pour a bowl of purple gold soup for half a day
prince
Although the purple gold soup can keep the princess alive for a while
But that's poison.
You do what you have to do.